Update EF Core MVC implicit join (#23028)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/data/ef-mvc/complex-data-model.md

If the `Enrollment` table didn't include grade information, it would only need to contain the two foreign keys `CourseID` and `StudentID`. In that case, it would be a many-to-many join table without payload (or a pure join table) in the database. The `Instructor` and `Course` entities have that kind of many-to-many relationship, and your next step is to create an entity class to function as a join table without payload.

> (EF Core supports implicit join tables for many-to-many relationships since [version 5.0](/ef/core/what-is-new/ef-core-5.0/whatsnew#many-to-many).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EF Core supports implicit join tables for many-to-many relationships, but this tutoral has not been updated to use an implicit join tables. See [Many-to-Many Relationships](xref:data/ef-rp/complex-data-model#many-to-many-relationships), the Razor Pages version of this tutorial which has been updated.
```

> EF Core supports implicit join tables for many-to-many relationships, but this tutoral has not been updated to use an implicit join tables. See [Many-to-Many Relationships](xref:data/ef-rp/complex-data-model#many-to-many-relationships), the Razor Pages version of this tutorial which has been updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EF Core supports implicit join tables for many-to-many relationships, but this tutoral has not been updated to use an implicit join table. See [Many-to-Many Relationships](xref:data/ef-rp/complex-data-model#many-to-many-relationships), the Razor Pages version of this tutorial which has been updated.
```
